Copies Atlas CLI commands for release tag: atlascli/v1.40.0 (#947)
mongodb/docs-atlas-cli: source/command/atlas-api-clusters-deleteCluster.txt

`experimental <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/cli/current/command/atlas-api/>`_: Removes one cluster from the specified project.

> The cluster must have termination protection disabled in order to be deleted. To use this resource, the requesting API Key must have the Project Owner role. This feature is not available for serverless clusters. This endpoint can also be used on Flex clusters that were created using the createCluster endpoint or former M2/M5 clusters that have been migrated to Flex clusters until January 2026. Please use the deleteFlexCluster endpoint for Flex clusters instead. This command is invoking the endpoint with OperationID: 'deleteCluster'. For more information about flags, format of --file and examples, see: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/v2/#tag/Clusters/operation/deleteCluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cluster must have termination protection disabled in order to be deleted. To use this resource, the requesting API Key must have the Project Owner role. This feature is not available for serverless clusters. This endpoint can also be used on Flex clusters that were created using the createCluster endpoint or former M2/M5 clusters that have been migrated to Flex clusters until January 2026. Use the deleteFlexCluster endpoint for Flex clusters instead. This command invokes the endpoint with OperationID: 'deleteCluster'. For more information about flags, format of --file and examples, see: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/v2/#tag/Clusters/operation/deleteCluster
```
